Add runtime options table (#1188)
Qiskit/documentation: docs/run/advanced-runtime-options.mdx

---

> title: Advanced runtime options

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Advanced Qiskit Runtime options
```

> description: Specify options when building with Qiskit runtime primitives

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Specify options when building with Qiskit Runtime primitives
```

```
## Pass options to a primitive

### Options class

When creating an instance of the `Estimator` or `Sampler` class, you can pass in the `options` you created in the options class. Those options will then be applied when you use `run()` to perform the calculation.  Example:

<Tabs>
  <TabItem value="PrimV2" label="V2 primitives">

>     `SamplerV2` and `EstimatorV2` have separate options classes that do not need to be instantiated.  You can see the available options and update option values during or after primitive initialization.  Those options will then be applied when you use `run()` to perform the calculation.  Example:

Reviewer: This feels a bit redundant from line 57 (also applies to the analogous place for V1 in line 74).

Author: I can see that it feels awkward, but I think I'll leave it because of the V1 tab, and also because it's a change from V1, so we want to make sure people understand.

  </TabItem>

  <TabItem value="PrimV1" label="V1 primitives">

> You can pass any options to `run()`. Because most users will only overwrite a few options at the job level, it is not necessary to specify the category the options are in. The code below, for example, specifies `shots=1024` instead of `execution={"shots": 1024}` (which is also valid).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can pass any options to `run()`. Because most users will only overwrite a few options at the job level, it is not necessary to specify the option category. The code below, for example, specifies `shots=1024` instead of `execution={"shots": 1024}` (which is also valid).
```

<Tabs>
  <TabItem value="PrimV2" label="Estimator V2">

> With Estimator V2, you can set resilience levels 0-2 and you can also turn on and off various error mitigation settings for fine tuning.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With Estimator V2, you can set resilience levels 0-2 and you can also turn on and off various error mitigation settings for fine-tuning.
```

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

## Options classes

|                                                 Category                                                |                             Description                            |                         Example                        |
|:-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------:|:------------------------------------------------------------------:|:------------------------------------------------------|
| [Resilience](../api/qiskit-ibm-runtime/qiskit_ibm_runtime.options.ResilienceOptionsV2)                  | Advanced options for configuring error mitigation methods such as measurement error mitigation, ZNE, and PEC. Estimator only. | `estimator.options.resilience.measure_mitigation = True` |
| [Dynamical decoupling](../api/qiskit-ibm-runtime/qiskit_ibm_runtime.options.DynamicalDecouplingOptions) | Options for dynamical decoupling.                                  | `estimator.options.dynamical_decoupling.enable = True`   |

> | [Execution](../api/qiskit-ibm-runtime/qiskit_ibm_runtime.options.ExecutionOptionsV2)  |  Execution options for V2 primitives, including whether to initialize qubits and the repetition delay.   | `estimator.options.execution.init_qubits = False`   |

Reviewer 2: Why is V2 primitives called out here, when most other options (like twirling) are also v2 only?

Author: > Why is V2 primitives called out here, when most other options (like twirling) are also v2 only?

Just because the description on the execution options page called it out. :)  I'll update it

| [Twirling](../api/qiskit-ibm-runtime/qiskit_ibm_runtime.options.TwirlingOptions)                     | Twirling options, such as whether to apply two-qubit gate twirling and the number of shots to run for each random sample.                | `estimator.options.twirling.enable_gates = True`    |

> | [Environment](../api/qiskit-ibm-runtime/qiskit_ibm_runtime.options.EnvironmentOptions)                     | Execution environment options including the logging level to set, a callback function to invoke, and job tags to add.         | `estimator.options.environment.log_level = 'ERROR'`      |

Reviewer 2: Let's not call out the callback function because that has been broken for a while now 😅
